Add diag addr, web idle timeout, token clarification to reference config (#8489)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/reference/config.mdx

    # PID file for Teleport process
    #pid_file: /var/run/teleport.pid

>     # Invitation token or file path containing token used to join a cluster. it is not used on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Invitation token or file path containing token used to join a cluster. it 
    # is not used on subsequent starts.
```
so the comment wraps at 80 chars

>     # subsequent starts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     # File path example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #
    # File path example:
```
I liked how the original commit separated this from the main comment—it's a bit clearer this way.

    # auth_token: /var/lib/teleport/tokenjoin

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this was the extra line, since the other option-specific comments have no line between the comment and the option.

    #
    # This value can be specified as FQDN e.g. host.example.com
    advertise_ip: 10.1.0.5
    
    

>     # Teleport provides HTTP endpoints for monitoring purposes. They are disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Teleport provides HTTP endpoints for monitoring purposes. They are
    # disabled by default but you can enable them using the diagnosis address.
    # See the Teleport metrics reference:
    # https://goteleport.com/docs/setup/reference/metrics/
```
To wrap each line at 80 chars

>     #, but you can enable them using the diagnosis address. See the Teleport Metrics of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     # Reference Manual (https://goteleport.com/docs/setup/reference/metrics/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
since my previous suggestion includes this line

    # inactivity. The empty string indicates that no message will be sent.
    # (Currently only supported for SSH connections)
    client_idle_timeout_message: ""
    

>     # Sets a web idle timeout for browser users.  If not specified will default to 10m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Sets an idle timeout for the Web UI. The default is 10m.
```
To make this a bit more concise
